# CS465-SNHU
Christopher Clark
October 23, 2022

This has been and interesting course. Using MEAN in a full stack development has been a great learning experience. 
In this course we created a full stack client-server based application. We also added a single page application (SPA) for the client-side administration of our webserver. We employed Angular to enable the creation of the SPA. Within our code we created several new components for the app service, trip-listing, trip-card, add-trip, and edit-trip. We updated code to utilize the Bootstrap style sheet framework allowing for cross-origin resource sharing (CORS). We also employed software engineering principles such as separation of concerns (SoC) allowing for code classes to have singular and separate operations instead of writing everything in one mega-class. Using Postman and Studio 3T to verify changes made to the database.  
Using Angular allows for SoC logic. Many of the applications functions are separated into different classes and make code readability better. The use of TypeScript sets Angular apart from other web development applications. Angular works callbacks much easier that Express. Where Express works well with multiple user requests in a real-time situation, Angular works well in this situation. Where we are building a SPA for administration, Angular has the tools to make that happen. 
Some advantages to using the SPA for the webserver administration would include faster page loading and less bandwidth usage. With this architecture it will be easier to add new features as required by the user. Some of the downsides would include some security issues where hackers can more easily enable brute force attacks. SPAs use a lot of browser resources and have issues logging with search engines. 
Testing for this application involved adding and editing trip data for the client-side web application using the SPA. There were a couple of issues with the SPA loading the new data when adding trips. At pone point the data was loaded to the server-side but did not make it to the client-side until the application was restarted. I can see that there is a possibility of bad data passing through. There is no check for the type of data or length for trip codes, etc. Parameters for the data type and length should be considered.  
